# `synopkg list`

- **`Python2-2.7.18-1004`**: Python is an interpreted, interactive, and object-oriented programming language suitable for distributed application development, scripting, numeric computing and system testing. With Python, you can develop or integrate your systems more quickly and effectively.
- **`ffmpeg-4.4.4-49`**: FFmpeg is a complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video. It includes libavcodec - the leading audio/video codec library.  More information from SynoCommunity FFmpeg package available at <https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc/wiki/FAQ-FFmpeg>
- **`Perl-5.34.1-0301`**: Perl is an object-oriented programming language which can be used for CGI scripts, system administration, network programming and other applications. It has features that can ease the task of programming, including regular expressions and strong string manipulation.
- **`SynologyApplicationService-1.7.5-20612`**: Synology Application Service provides a framework to enrich features and services of Synology packages, including push notifications and profile settings. With Synology Application Service, coherent configurations can be shared across different packages.
- **`ProxyServer-5.2.0-1203`**: Proxy Server provides caching and access control for HTTP-based services. When a user makes an HTTP request, Proxy Server retrieves cached content from your Synology NAS, effectively speeding up services and saving time. Proxy Server can also deny users from accessing restricted web services, keeping your network safe and productive.
- **`LogCenter-1.2.5-1328`**: Log Center offers an easy solution for gathering and displaying log messages from network devices. It provides you with a centralized log management interface and the flexible search function to help you find the useful information efficiently.
- **`synocli-file-3.2-22`**: SynoCli File Tools provide a set of small command-line utilities: less, tree, ncdu, jdupes, fdupes, rhash, mc (midnight commander), mg (emacs-like text editor), nano, jupp (based on JOE - Joe's Own Editor 3.1), file, detox, pcre2, zstd, lzip, plzip, detox, iconv, dos2unix tools, lsd, bat, eza, rmlint, nnn (n³), micro (editor), fzf (fuzzy finder), rg (ripgrep), fd (fd-find), sd (sed alternative), rnm.
- **`SMBService-4.15.13-0871`**: SMB Service is an easy-to-use file service management tool, allowing you to manage general settings related to the SMB/CIFS file sharing service. Through SMB Service, Windows, macOS, and Linux users can access your Synology NAS from the network once you have enabled the SMB service option in Control Panel.
- **`ActiveInsight-2.2.2-23120`**: Active Insight is a cloud service that provides better technical support experience with faster troubleshooting. When enabled on multiple of your Synology hosts, it allows you to manage them across locations with a performance monitoring and automated warning system.
- **`TextEditor-1.2.5-0254`**: Text Editor provides you with extensive editing features to handle plain text files, such as programming scripts and HTML files, directly in DSM.
- **`UniversalViewer-1.2.0-0203`**: Universal Viewer allows you to view different file formats directly on the Synology Drive without having to open each application. Certain packages require Universal Viewer to function fully.
- **`WebStation-4.2.2-0498`**: With Web Station, you can easily host and publish your own site. Additionally, after installing the PHP package, you can freely create dynamic sites for your personal use or business.
- **`python311-3.11.5-8`**: Python Programming Language.
- **`FileStation-1.4.1-1559`**: File Station is the centralized file management tool for your Synology NAS. Through File Station, you can manage and search files/folders, view files of various types, share private files with external users, mount remote folders and virtual drives for access, and do much more!
- **`NoteStation-2.6.4-3703`**: Note Station helps you fully enjoy writing, viewing, managing, and sharing content-rich notes. It is very easy to create content with rich text editing, media embedding, attachments, and much more. Manage your notes by using tags and grouping notes into Notebooks. When you are ready, Note Station makes sharing your content via social networking platforms simple and quick. Create, share, and enjoy!
- **`SupportService-2.0.1-21035`**:
- **`PHP8.0-8.0.28-0120`**: PHP is an open source scripting language which aims to help web developers write dynamically generated web pages efficiently. This language is suitable for web development in that it can be easily embedded into HTML.
- **`DNSServer-9.16.34-6205`**: Domain Name System (DNS) helps users find internet applications, computers, or other network devices by translating domain names into IP addresses. With DNS Server, your Synology product can host multiple zones as well as provide name and IP address resolution services.
- **`PHP7.4-7.4.33-0130`**: PHP is an open source scripting language which aims to help web developers write dynamically generated web pages efficiently. This language is suitable for web development in that it can be easily embedded into HTML.
- **`SynoFinder-1.7.0-0704`**: Synology Universal Search is a powerful search tool for your Synology NAS. In one search, you can find matched items from photos to notes. You can also index folders to provide precise and prompt search results by filename or file content. With Synology Universal Search, everything on your Synology NAS is just a few clicks away.
- **`SnapshotReplication-7.4.5-1698`**: Snapshot Replication is an expert of data backup and recovery with the point-in-time copy mechanism. Businesses need data protection to prevent data loss from accidental deletion, application crashes, data corruption, and viruses.
- **`StorageManager-1.0.0-0017`**: Storage Manager is a built-in application for managing storage on your Synology NAS. It offers a centralized interface to allocate storage capacity, monitor usage, check your drives' health, and use advanced features such as hot spare drives and SSD cache.
- **`jellyfin-10.8.13-13`**: The Free Software Media System. It is an alternative to the proprietary Emby and Plex.
- **`HybridShare-1.4.1-1512`**: Hybrid Share is a hybrid cloud solution that integrates cloud storage with multi-site on-premises NAS. It gathers stability, reliability, and flexibility for better collaboration of your workforce. Learn more at: sy.to/hybridshare
- **`QuickConnect-1.0.6-0134`**: QuickConnect allows client applications to connect to your Synology NAS via the internet without setting up port forwarding rules. It can also work with Synology-developed packages, such as File Station, Surveillance Station, Synology Drive, Synology Photos, and mobile applications.
- **`OAuthService-1.1.4-0101`**: OAuth Service is an open standard protocol for account authorization and authentication. It allows resource owners to authorize third-party access to their server resources without sharing their credentials. The package adopts OAuth 2.0 standard.
- **`DhcpServer-1.0.2-0046`**: DHCP Server turns your DiskStation into a DHCP server within LAN to assign dynamic IP addresses and manage DHCP clients.
- **`SynologyDrive-3.4.0-25724`**: Synology Drive Server is a comprehensive solution for file storage, management, sharing, and synchronization. It is equipped with Synology Drive Admin Console for centralized management and monitoring, Synology Drive for file access via web portal, and Synology Drive ShareSync for synchronization across Synology NAS devices.
- **`PHP8.2-8.2.5-0102`**: PHP is an open source scripting language which aims to help web developers write dynamically generated web pages efficiently. This language is suitable for web development in that it can be easily embedded into HTML.
- **`ffmpeg6-6.0-2`**: FFmpeg is a complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video. It includes libavcodec - the leading audio/video codec library.  More information from SynoCommunity FFmpeg package available at <https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc/wiki/FAQ-FFmpeg>
- **`mkvtoolnix-58.0.0-4`**: MKVToolNix is a set of tools to create, alter and inspect Matroska files.
- **`SecureSignIn-1.1.5-0362`**: Secure SignIn Service provides enhanced account security for your DSM. It allows passwordless logins and offers sign-in options in addition to basic 2-factor authentication methods.
- **`ScsiTarget-1.0.10-0314`**: SAN Manager helps you to manage and monitor your iSCSI and Fibre Channel services easily. Both iSCSI and Fibre Channel are storage area network (SAN) services that provide access to consolidated and block-level data storage. Clients can access storage space over storage network as if the space were local disks.
- **`python310-3.10.13-19`**: Python Programming Language.
- **`gnupg-2.4.2-6`**: GnuPG allows to encrypt and sign your data and communication, features a versatile key management system as well as access modules for all kinds of public key directories.
- **`USBCopy-2.2.1-1306`**: USB Copy helps you copy files between your Synology NAS and external USB/SD storage devices. File copy can start right after an external storage device is plugged in to the Synology NAS, without any need to open the DSM web console. USB Copy comes with multiple copy and file organization strategies to ensure efficient storage usage and easy location of files.
- **`Node.js_v18-18.18.2-1011`**: Built on Chrome's JavaScript runtime, Node.js has become a widely popular platform for users to easily build fast, scalable network applications.
- **`ReplicationService-1.3.0-0409`**: Replication Service is a core service that offers the ability to replicate taken snapshots from the source to the destination. This package cannot run alone and depends on core packages that offer snapshot features.
- **`CloudSync-2.6.2-2520`**: With Cloud Sync, you can seamlessly sync and share files among your Synology NAS and multiple public clouds, such as Dropbox, Baidu Cloud and Google Drive.
- **`SynoOnlinePack_v2-735`**: This package is for users to update drive database online
- **`exFAT-Free-7.2.0-0354`**: Microsoft exFAT (Extended File Allocation Table) technology is a file system optimized for flash storage devices. With exFAT installed, you can access external storage devices with a file system formatted as exFAT on your NAS. Unlike FAT32, exFAT supports a single file larger than 4 GB and can be used on both Windows and Mac operating systems. In response to Microsoft's announcement to integrate exFAT into the Linux kernel in 2019, Synology users can install exFAT free of charge by updating DSM to version 7.0 or above.
- **`ContainerManager-20.10.23-1437`**: Container Manager is a lightweight virtualization application that gives you the ability to run thousands of containers created by developers from all over the world on DSM. The hugely popular built-in image repository, Docker Hub, allows you to find shared applications from other talented developers.
- **`CodecPack-3.1.0-3005`**: Advanced Media Extensions (AME) allows you to view High-Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) files on your Synology NAS. (Note: Sign in to your Synology Account to install the codec pack after installing AME)
